so here we go on deck we have two of
Chinatown finally we have Chris you vs
PS you switch on a diez switches up to
bison no he was a bicycle yeah that's
the character he originally started with
until until it until he couldn't win
anyway by that by that may I add the
cross walls of spectator this is a very
good bison player at that and Chris you
is a phenomenal real player so what we
have theirs is a good match that's all
Oh deals with the air I'm gonna see now
one before Andre he is very well
experienced against place no he's not
but this Hugh is very good at zoning yes
oh not so good with my sins movement
here basically had this opportunity to
put for you in a corner and then take it
Oh got to stay in that cool oh that's
all he has to do that's all he has to do
folks you have to mix it even more slide
want to punish that tornado kick
oh nice wake up your psycho crusher to
get out in the plasma I have a feeling
this match will end up with a heat
people try to make the Flint I see what
you go in and fight that was good stuff
PS that was that was a nice six round
one yes looking very bitter right now it
looks like more looks kind of Morton's
over there yeah I could feel the Mortons
building up but we're just gonna leave
that alone for the moment Chris you very
good at chuck in a plasma or chuck in
the chicken China oh nice work okay hold
too tight pressure very good at the
psychic TV
oh really lands right on a super because
of that works this could still take the
match but he didn't take the initiative
on a knockdown no good no good oh and
what we have here is a dead by Sir
oh nice little plasma Victor go kiss you
it's kind of cute Chris you happy that
bison is finally down on the floor on
the screen and he's winning dear
switches it up right now I wonder what
character he's going to oh who would
have figured it's boron this stuff here
totally catching me off guard lang is
back in the field Diaz totally catching
me off guard here with the bar on pick
dictator fail to see if another shadow
lumen is it go oh ok es una his bark is
a hundred times better than hands bison
right now TS in the house ooh s you
rollin the dice on those wickedly please
let's do a couple seconds yes all of
them here are you trying to tame the
brush down or I want a healthy life
leave oh and it was over don't pick get
paid this match is over ooh that's your
favorite part is it i suspend just look
at right you looked and look at the Hang
Time oh he's playing some NBA jam right
now and he's on tomo he's on fire Oh
watch Chris you this is non put um
bunions yeah you're no fun you're in the
grass fields right now watching une des
what the crispy links oh I respect me
some Barack a high level
she's looking a little older he looks
like he has no answer for borrowed Wow
nice fish yes yes a nice clean and easy
by da he has proven he is slim down in
his community one game apiece this is
the final game this is the winner's
bracket yes I guess he was charging a
rush punch there I mean not a rush much
a turn around honey he went right
through that fireball rush punch not
very punished ball bought is it not at
all I believe it leaves on that I think
of negative 31 I got it wrong no seats
on the other tvs crane was fighting our
programmers you know his adaptation
skills are and saying oh d s missing a
crushing short toe to head but their
bosses him in a knockdown and also add
that much listen pussies all point s Wow
TS using the clutch epic DC glitch wow
wow good every stuff I did not even know
he had that yes he had that game since
fadc glitch double armor glitch
canceling the extras punch an ultra ods
is on point today that was pretty
good-looking he's looking real hungry I
am a fan favorite of d/s right now I'm
not being nice I just really like me
some BS right now oh because she puts
his own point but Diaz already has the
momentum going for him what system their
rule what stuff like pursue Elijah he
bade it out or you bet it on a chain
around punch the DP it yes folks happy
if Balrog does turn around punch too
late you can deep here that goes for any
other character
TS announcer sorrowful why that wasn't a
great punishment Chrissy oh so this is
still in the game here oh I think this
is gonna come down to the nitty-gritty
like a fish now Yipes I think this is
going to come down to the nitty-gritty
more insult the sea salt all right so
one is taken them with the Mortons
bracket the road to the morons practice
all right folks this is it this is for
the person who's going to be angry on
the other day and give me them boo goo
by frame Ron us to the face don't press
a button box mark see one jeff gives us
warm water oh nice punish fuck miss you
o TS is all rolling the dice chris here
cuz you're getting a little brave there
he's just going in on board oh nice
little Laurie said I guess by the S
there yes getting crazy with the jumping
I will not jump in again if I were if I
word yes she was just waiting for an
opportunity ok to DP this ooh PS and
Chris should have not done that pests
objects to the warm welcome to the
Mortons bracket yes is in the more
expected but he did put on a good show
that was a very excellent matter by both
ways